refactor studio docs (#5031)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/console/tutorial/extend-cli.mdx

<Fragments fragments={{all: all1}} />

<Callout>

For Safari, the browser will provide a CLI login key. Copy the CLI login key from the browser and paste it into your terminal.

</Callout>

### Initial Project Setup

> To use a form in your application, you first need to configure your project to use Amplify Studio generated components. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Studio-generated UI in your application, you first need to configure your project to use Amplify Studio generated components. 
```
